docs: docs (#27)
bluefireteam/mini_sprite: packages/flame_mini_sprite/README.md

[license_link]: https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
[very_good_analysis_badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/style-very_good_analysis-B22C89.svg
[very_good_analysis_link]: https://pub.dev/packages/very_good_analysis

> # How to use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How to use it
```

Add flame mini sprite to the project pubspec:

```

> flame_mini_sprite: <last_version>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
dart pub add flame_mini_sprite
```

> ```
> flame_mini_sprite: <last_version>
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
dart pub add flame_mini_sprite
```
```

## Helpers

### MiniSprite.toSprite

> Transform the stored data in a `MiniSprite` instance to a usable Flame `Sprite` instance:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Convert a `MiniSprite` instance into a Flame `Sprite` instance:
```

> Transform the data stored data into the `MiniSprite` instance into an usable Flame `Sprite` instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transform the stored data in a `MiniSprite` instance to a usable Flame `Sprite` instance:
```

```dart
final miniSprite = MiniSprite.fromDataString('...');
final sprite = await miniSprite.toSprite(
  pixelSize: 1,
  color: Colors.white,
);
```

### MiniLibrary.toSprites

> Transform the data stored in the `MiniLibrary` instance into a map of Flame `Sprite`s.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Convert a `MiniLibrary` instance into a map of Flame `Sprite` instances.
```

> Transform the data stored data into all of the map's `MiniSprite`s into a map of Flame's `Sprite`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transform the data stored in the `MiniLibrary` instance into a map of Flame `Sprite`s.
```
